CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution

## How to contribute?

If you are willing to contribute to this repository/project, head over to the [issues page](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/issues).

Click on the "**New issue**" button. In there, you will find two spaces that you can fill in.

For the **title**, you can put anything you want such as **New question**, **\<A random error\>**, etc.

For the **description** box, put in what you would like to add. For instance, you'd like to add new questions to the bot. In there, put on **3** things. First, **the question**, either in Malay (Bahasa Melayu) or English or both. Second, **the choices** & **the answer** for it. Third, **the question type**. The question type can be [`objective`](#objective-type), [`structural_write`](#structural-write-type), [`structural_fitb`](#structural-fitb-type) or [`structural_tick`](#structural-tick-type). You can also provide an image (must be in `png` or `jpg` format) and a hint.

> If you were to upload an image, please do use an image enhancer such as CamScanner to further brighten the image.

You can also assign labels such as `feature`, `bug`, etc. You can leave it blank as contributors or the owner will assign it themselves.

Then you can submit it!

---

### Objective type

The objective type is a type with multiple choices with its respective answer in alphabetical order (A, B, C, D, …). It's less likely to have an E option or more.

Example:

<ins>Plant cells has many characteristics in it. Name one of the characteristics.</ins>

_A. Doesn't have a cell wall._

_B. Has more than one nucleus._

**C. Has a fixed shape.**

_D. Doesn't have a chloroplast._

_E. …_

### Structural Write type

The structural write type is a type where you have to write points/answers in short form. Also, split them with commas and don't write answers in sentence form.

Example:

<ins>What are the characteristics of an asteroid?</ins>

-   **Size starts from 1 m to 1000 km**
-   **Made up of stones and metals**
-   **Has a cold surface temperature, approximately -73°C**
-   _Travels at varying speed_

### Structural FITB type

The structural FITB (fill in the blanks) type is a type where you have to fill in the blanks of an incomplete statement.

Example:

1. Exothermic reactions \_<ins>**releases heat**</ins>\_ to the environment.
2. \_<ins>**Granules**</ins>\_ is a phenomenon that occurs on the surface of the Sun due to the plasma convective current in the convection zone.
3. Henri Becquerel discovered \_<ins>**radioactivity**</ins>\_ when he discovered \_<ins>**uranium salts**</ins>\_ could darken \_<ins>**photo plates**</ins>\_ in 1896.

### Structural Tick type

The structural tick type gives a statement and you have to tell whether it's true or false.

Example:

1. Down syndrome has an extra chromosome in chromosome number 21. ( ✓ )
2. A healthy manoeuvre is caused by drowning, lightning strikes and electric shocks. ( ✗ )
3. The general formula for alkane hydrocarbon is $\text{C}\_{n}\text{H}\_{2n+2}$. ( True )
4. The size of a fungi microorganism is $0.2 \mu \text{m}$ to $10 \mu \text{m}$. ( False )

Commit message:

others: stated that your name will be added to credits section in embed if said issue were accepted

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution

## How to contribute?

If you are willing to contribute to this repository/project, head over to the [issues page](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/issues).

Click on the "**New issue**" button. In there, you will find two spaces that you can fill in.

For the **title**, you can put anything you want such as **New question**, **\<A random error\>**, etc.

For the **description** box, put in what you would like to add. For instance, you'd like to add new questions to the bot. In there, put on **3** things. First, **the question**, either in Malay (Bahasa Melayu) or English or both. Second, **the choices** & **the answer** for it. Third, **the question type**. The question type can be [`objective`](#objective-type), [`structural_write`](#structural-write-type), [`structural_fitb`](#structural-fitb-type) or [`structural_tick`](#structural-tick-type). You can also provide an image (must be in `png` or `jpg` format) and a hint.

> If you were to upload an image, please do use an image enhancer such as CamScanner to further brighten the image.

You can also assign labels such as `feature`, `bug`, etc. You can leave it blank as contributors or the owner will assign it themselves.

Then you can submit it!

If your issue was accepted, your name will be added to the credits section of the question embed.

---

### Objective type

The objective type is a type with multiple choices with its respective answer in alphabetical order (A, B, C, D, …). It's less likely to have an E option or more.

Example:

<ins>Plant cells has many characteristics in it. Name one of the characteristics.</ins>

_A. Doesn't have a cell wall._

_B. Has more than one nucleus._

**C. Has a fixed shape.**

_D. Doesn't have a chloroplast._

_E. …_

### Structural Write type

The structural write type is a type where you have to write points/answers in short form. Also, split them with commas and don't write answers in sentence form.

Example:

<ins>What are the characteristics of an asteroid?</ins>

-   **Size starts from 1 m to 1000 km**
-   **Made up of stones and metals**
-   **Has a cold surface temperature, approximately -73°C**
-   _Travels at varying speed_

### Structural FITB type

The structural FITB (fill in the blanks) type is a type where you have to fill in the blanks of an incomplete statement.

Example:

1. Exothermic reactions \_<ins>**releases heat**</ins>\_ to the environment.
2. \_<ins>**Granules**</ins>\_ is a phenomenon that occurs on the surface of the Sun due to the plasma convective current in the convection zone.
3. Henri Becquerel discovered \_<ins>**radioactivity**</ins>\_ when he discovered \_<ins>**uranium salts**</ins>\_ could darken \_<ins>**photo plates**</ins>\_ in 1896.

### Structural Tick type

The structural tick type gives a statement and you have to tell whether it's true or false.

Example:

1. Down syndrome has an extra chromosome in chromosome number 21. ( ✓ )
2. A healthy manoeuvre is caused by drowning, lightning strikes and electric shocks. ( ✗ )
3. The general formula for alkane hydrocarbon is $\text{C}\_{n}\text{H}\_{2n+2}$. ( True )
4. The size of a fungi microorganism is $0.2 \mu \text{m}$ to $10 \mu \text{m}$. ( False )
