README.md, before:

# SainsOrScience Bot

## Description

**SainsOrScience** is a bot whom provides

-   Sains / _Science_
-   Biologi / _Biology_ 🧬
-   Fizik / _Physics_ 🍎
-   Geografi / _Geography_ 🌋
-   ~~Matematik / _Mathematics_ 📐~~
-   ~~Matematik Tambahan / _Additional Mathematics_ 🔢~~
-   Kimia / _Chemistry_ 🧪
    ...

quizzes from Malaysia's governmental secondary schools with both 🇲🇾 **Malay (Bahasa Melayu)** and 🇬🇧 **English** language support.

> Credits to [@SpikeThatMike](https://www.youtube.com/@spikethatmike)'s **TypeScript Discord.JS Series** on YouTube for helping out with this project.

## Usage

Join [**Hello World** on Discord](https://discord.gg/t7CMXRWs7G) if you want to use it.

## Features

1. `/random <level: required>`

    : Sends out a random question from the [questions list](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/blob/main/src/Questions) with the level option (Form 1, Form 2, Form 3, Form 4, Form 5).

## Contribution

Head over to the [issues page](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/issues) and help create more questions or fix errors. Read more at the [CONTRIBUTE.md file](CONTRIBUTE.md).

There's also a [TODO list](TODO.md) where you can see future updates to the bot.

## License

Uses the [ISC License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

others: added subject parameter to `/random` command

README.md, after:

# SainsOrScience Bot

## Description

**SainsOrScience** is a bot whom provides

-   Sains / _Science_
-   Biologi / _Biology_ 🧬
-   Fizik / _Physics_ 🍎
-   Geografi / _Geography_ 🌋
-   ~~Matematik / _Mathematics_ 📐~~
-   ~~Matematik Tambahan / _Additional Mathematics_ 🔢~~
-   Kimia / _Chemistry_ 🧪
    ...

quizzes from Malaysia's governmental secondary schools with both 🇲🇾 **Malay (Bahasa Melayu)** and 🇬🇧 **English** language support.

> Credits to [@SpikeThatMike](https://www.youtube.com/@spikethatmike)'s **TypeScript Discord.JS Series** on YouTube for helping out with this project.

## Usage

Join [**Hello World** on Discord](https://discord.gg/t7CMXRWs7G) if you want to use it.

## Features

1. `/random <level: required> <subject: required>`

    : Sends out a random question of the subject `("Science" | "Biology" | "Physics" | "Geography" | "Chemistry")` from the [questions list](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/blob/main/src/Questions) with the level option `("Form 1" | "Form 2" | "Form 3" | "Form 4" | "Form 5")`. It will send a error stating that if you're below Form 4 & 5, you couldn't use Biology, Physics and Chemistry subjects.

## Contribution

Head over to the [issues page](https://github.com/haydenykh/SainsOrScienceBot/issues) and help create more questions or fix errors. Read more at the [CONTRIBUTE.md file](CONTRIBUTE.md).

There's also a [TODO list](TODO.md) where you can see future updates to the bot.

## License

Uses the [ISC License](LICENSE).
