TODO.md, before:

# TODO List

## 🛠️ Work In Progress

1. **Random Question Command Rework**

    : The random question command now uses a `json` file full of everything which is a big mess. Therefore, a rework is necessary. It will separate the questions into multiple different files with each question being its file. New classes, enums and interfaces will also be added to ease out the process of creating new questions.

    > Objective have just been finished and structural types are still work in progress.

2. **More Questions**

    : Creating this project is very fun and the downside is that it lacks questions. Questions are the main factors on how this bot works. Questions can be received from you guys (read the [CONTRIBUTING.md file](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more). If you already had a(n) exercise/note book about that subject, you can always write a question to the bot. It would be highly appreciated to help me fulfil the questions list.

## 🖊️ Todo

1. **Notes**

    : Notes are fundamental to people who are struggling with understanding the topic of the subject. Notes simplify the syllabus of your current level. They are also essential for people to search for information with ease without have to look through paragraphs of text that are all together.

2. **Help Command**

    : A help command can help users to navigate through the list of commands available on the bot. It creates an embed with the title as the category and commands listed as different fields. It also consists of a drop-down menu to display the categories.

> **PS:** These are all subject to change.

Commit message:

feat: added point reward system to todo list

TODO.md, after:

# TODO List

## 🛠️ Work In Progress

    **Random Question Command Rework**

    : The random question command now uses a `json` file full of everything which is a big mess. Therefore, a rework is necessary. It will separate the questions into multiple different files with each question being its file. New classes, enums and interfaces will also be added to ease out the process of creating new questions.

    > Objective have just been finished and structural types are still work in progress.

1. **More Questions**

    : Creating this project is very fun and the downside is that it lacks questions. Questions are the main factors on how this bot works. Questions can be received from you guys (read the [CONTRIBUTING.md file](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more). If you already had a(n) exercise/note book about that subject, you can always write a question to the bot. It would be highly appreciated to help me fulfil the questions list.

## 🖊️ Todo

1. **Notes**

    : Notes are fundamental to people who are struggling with understanding the topic of the subject. Notes simplify the syllabus of your current level. They are also essential for people to search for information with ease without have to look through paragraphs of text that are all together.

2. **Help Command**

    : A help command can help users to navigate through the list of commands available on the bot. It creates an embed with the title as the category and commands listed as different fields. It also consists of a drop-down menu to display the categories.

3. **Point Reward System**

    : A point reward system can help users to use the bot even more by rewarding them artificial points. Each question they got correct they will earn a specific amount of points depending on the question difficulty. Every day, the leaderboard will be updated based on the user's performance and points amount. Although this is artificial, it definitely is a fun way to make users use the bot even more.

> **PS:** These are all subject to change.
